Add note about package managers (#78260)
ansible/ansible: docs/docsite/rst/user_guide/intro_adhoc.rst

Managing packages
-----------------

> You might also use an ad hoc task to install, update, or remove packages on managed nodes using a package management module like yum. To ensure a package is installed without updating it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You might also use an ad hoc task to install, update, or remove packages on managed nodes using a package management module such as  ``yum``.  Package management modules support common functions to install, remove, and generally manage packages. Some specific functions for a package manager might not be present in the Ansible module since they are not part of general package management.

To ensure a package is installed without updating it:
```

> Package management modules support common functions to install, remove, and generally manage packages. Some specific functions for a package manager might not be present in the Ansible module since they are not part of general package management:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
